Fix typo and the content (#27)
tact-lang/tact-docs: pages/start/index.mdx

# Welcome to Tact

> **There are two ways to start with Tact**: using a template or starting from scratch.

Reviewer: let's not overuse bold fonts

We recommend using a template, as it contains a **simple contract** that can be deployed to the TON blockchain, along with examples of implementing unit tests and helper functions for contract deployment.

---

> ## Getting start from template

Reviewer: there should not be any change here

To get started, you can use the template project. It contains a simple contract that can be deployed to the TON blockchain, as well as examples of implementing unit tests and helper functions for contract deployment.

> To create a project from the template, simply create a new repository from the template project: https://github.com/tact-lang/tact-template.

> ## Getting start from scratch

Reviewer: same

Reviewer: Getting started is actually grammatically correct

Tact is distributed via `npm` package manager and is meant to be installed to TypeScript/JavaScript projects:

```bash
yarn add @tact-lang/compiler
```

> > More details can find in https://github.com/tact-lang/tact

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> More details can be found at https://github.com/tact-lang/tact
```
